[
"A 38-year-old male presented to the emergency department (ED) with complaints of fever, headache, retro-orbital pain, and myalgia of one-week duration. The patient reported high-grade intermittent fever for the past seven days that was associated with rigors and chills. His other complaints included reddish-colored urine with clots for two days along with two episodes of gum bleed. The pertinent denials included sore throat, chest pain, shortness of breath, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, burning micturition, dysuria, urinary frequency, and contact with animals. On physical examination, the patient was vitally stable, oriented to person, place and time, and had mild conjunctival pallor. On skin examination, there were multiple purpura and petechiae on the left shoulder, trunk, and both legs, and two large ecchymotic lesions on the patient's back. The rest of the systemic examination was unremarkable.
The baseline workup done in the ED was normal except for a low platelet count of 20,000 x 109/L and a low white blood cell (WBC) count of 2.4 x 109/L. The patient was admitted in the isolation ward with the suspicion of DHF (Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever) which was later confirmed on serological evidence with positive dengue-specific IgM with a value of 1.94 on enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Furthermore, the tourniquet test was performed, which turned out to be positive. The patient was treated conservatively with acetaminophen one gram three times a day and one liter infusion of normal saline twice daily. The patient continued to have reddish-colored urine and had one more episode of gums bleed on his third day of admission with a platelet count of 6,000 x 109/L. Infectious diseases department was consulted who recommended transfusion six units of platelets. Platelet count continued to deteriorate further with a count of 2,000 x 109/L on his sixth day of admission but with clinical improvement in his fever and bleeding manifestations. The patient was monitored daily with blood counts and bleeding manifestations. The patient improved clinically on the 11th day of his admission with no hemorrhagic manifestations and normalization of blood counts (platelet count 112 x 109/L and WBC count 6.3 x 109/L). The patient was discharged home with a follow-up appointment one month later.",

"A 65 years old woman presented to the emergency department with a 4-day history of fever (37–39°C) of unknown origin, headache and loss of appetite. She denied respiratory distress and other symptoms; her SpO2 was 94% on room air. Two weeks before presentation, she travelled to a hills of dadeldhura district to collect edible plants. On physical examination, purple-coloured, non-pruritic eruptions were observed on her face, extremities and trunk. An eschar was observed in the left lower extremity. Laboratory tests revealed the following: platelet count 70 000/μL; aspartate aminotransferase level 144 U/L and alanine aminotransferase level 444 U/L. Serological tests revealed high Orientia tsutsugamushi IgG and IgM antibody titres. She was diagnosed with scrub typhus (tsutsugamushi disease) and was started on 200 mg of minocycline. After 2 weeks of the treatment, her symptoms resolved and the eruptions disappeared. She was discharged without complication.",

"27 years female/farmer/student complained of fever for 14 days, headache, abdominal pain, vomiting, myalgia, irritability, irrelevant talk. No comorbodities. SpO2-97%
BP-100/60mm of Hg
Pulse-112/min
Respiratory rate-20 per min 
Temperature 104 F
Disoriented to time and place, healed eschar over hand, systemic examination normal. Laboratory tests were normal. On ELISA for scrub typhus positive. Treated with first dose of oral doxycycline and referred to tertiary centre after primary management. Expired due to scrub typhus associated with sepsis and suspected meningoencephalitis. ",

"A 29-year-old female student was referred to our outpatient department (OPD) with a two-week history of severe frontal headache and high-grade fever reaching 41°C (106°F). Upon her first presentation, diarrhea, bloody discharge or abdominal cramps were denied. She did not report any weight changes or high-risk sexual behaviour. She had no previous history of diseases and was not on any medication. Paracetamol had relieved pain and fever for up to eight hours.
 Her clinical examination was unremarkable. Routine laboratory tests showed a mild thrombocytopenia of 112Gpt/L (150 to 300) whilst leukocyte counts were not elevated. Her rapid malaria test results were negative. Serum antibodies against typhoid fever (O and H antigens, cutoff 1:200), Serum antibodies against typhoid fever (O and H antigens, cutoff 1:200), human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), herpes simplex virus (HSV) 1/2, dengue fever, and hepatitis C could not be detected. Stool microscopy, stool culture and specific antigen assays were unremarkable for pathologic bacteria, viral antigens, worms or protozoa. As she had no fever at the time of presentation, the attending physician did not take blood cultures.

However, she returned to the OPD five days later as her fever and headaches had not ceased. She then also complained of a non-productive cough, bone and muscle pain, abdominal discomfort and constipation. Blood cultures were taken and she was admitted to the gastroenterology ward.

On clinical examination, we saw a deterioration in the young woman’s general and nutritional condition. Her body temperature was 38.3°C (101°F); her heart rate was 90/min with a blood pressure of 115/70mmHg. There was no lymph node swelling. Her sclera were white and without suffusions. Her chest examination result was unremarkable. Her abdomen was slightly tense with reduced bowel sounds. There was no liver or spleen enlargement. Her laboratory test results were remarkable for elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) 142mg/L (<5); aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT) 8μkat/L; alanine aminotransferase (ALAT) 5μkat/L (both <0.6); lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) 17μkat/L (2.2 to 3.5); a decreased thrombocyte count of 109/μL and a cholinesterase activity of 58μkat/L (71 to 181). There was no eosinophilia, and microscopic differentiation showed normal leucocyte values (4.8Gpt/L (4.0 to 9.0), neutrophils 66.6%, lymphocytes 27.5%, monocytes 5.5%, eosinophils 0.0%, basophils 0.4%). Her chest X-ray revealed milky opacities of the basal parts of the lung as well as a prominent scoliosis. A urinary tract infection was ruled out. Stool microscopy and culture were again negative. A calculated antibiotic regimen with intravenous ciprofloxacin 500mg twice daily was initiated and switched to an oral formula after three days. Her antibody test results (including the Widal test) were again negative.

Five days later, three out of four blood cultures returned positive for Salmonella enterica serovar typhi. The pathogen was found to be sensible to all tested antibiotics including beta-lactams, fluoroquinolones and cotrimoxazole. Chloramphenicol sensibility was not tested. On the same day, the fever decreased and the headaches resolved. Repeated stool controls were negative for Salmonella spp. The patient was discharged after seven days in an improved condition. In order to control Salmonella carriage further, stool controls were performed by German health authorities. Only one out of six stool samples turned out to be positive for Salmonella typhi. Up to now, the patient remains healthy and has not experienced any typhoid relapse.

",

"A 46-year-old man presented with severe abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting with the symptoms occuring three weeks prior to admission, during which time he had stopped using his insulin pump with continuous glucose monitoring after his device broke over two months ago. Ten days before his current admission, he was admitted to the hospital for diabetic ketoacidosis during which time he was transitioned to subcutaneous insulin and discharged on insulin detemir 8 units twice daily, insulin lispro 8 units 3 times daily with meals, calcium carbonate 750 mg every 6 hours, pancrelipase 12,000-unit capsule 3 times daily, sucralfate 10 ml four times daily, and trazodone 50 mg tablet nightly. He reported stopping the use of his insulin because he believed it was causing bilateral pedal edema to the level of his knees. He noted consistent patterns of developing edema in his lower extremities a few days after insulin administration. The patient stated that the swelling in his legs resolved after cessation of insulin use. During his hospital admission, the patient refused diabetes education and insisted on the side effect of insulin as a reason for non-compliance with treatment routine.

Social history was remarkable for 60 pack-year tobacco use, daily marijuana use, and no other illicit drug use. Review of systems was remarkable for recent weight loss due to poor diet, chronic smoker's cough, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, polyuria, polydipsia, and lower extremity bilateral pedal edema present on days of insulin use that resolves when the patient does not use his insulin. He also reported having chronic diabetic neuropathy and numbness in his feet bilaterally.

Physical examination was notable for temperature of 98.2 degrees Fahrenheit, blood pressure of 151/76, heart rate of 88 bpm, respiratory rate of 20, and SpO2- 98% on room air. Cardiovascular examination revealed normal rate and regular rhythm, there was no elevated jugular venous pressure, and lung sounds were with no rales. He had generalized abdominal tenderness on palpation without guarding, rebound tenderness, or distension. There was bilateral pedal pitting 4+ edema up to his knees.Laboratory results were consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA): anion gap of 23, bicarbonate of 11 mmol/L, sodium of 130 mmol/L, chloride of 93 mmol/L, creatinine of 0.41 mg/dL, glucose of 374 mg/dL, total protein of 5.4 g/dL, albumin of 3.4 g/dL, and positive beta hydroxybutyrate of 2.74, and urinalysis showed 1+ ketones and 3+ glucose and was negative for proteinuria. Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis was remarkable for scattered calcification along the atrophic pancreas suggesting chronic pancreatitis and normal liver texture. Lower extremity venous Doppler was not done due to lack of recent immobility, negative Homans' sign, bilaterality, and low clinical suspicion for deep venous thrombosis. Transthoracic echo was unremarkable without any ventricular systolic or diastolic dysfunction.
",

"A 6-year-old female with precursor B-cell leukemia receiving vincristine therapy presented with fever and absolute neutrophil count < 500. Her severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 polymerase chain reaction test was positive. During hospitalization, she had abrupt onset tachypnea, reduced O2 saturation, and generalized tonic–clonic seizures treated with phenytoin and levetiracetam. Right parietal lobe ischemia was found on a brain computed tomography scan, and the cerebrospinal fluid polymerase chain reaction test was positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. Several days later, she developed lower extremity paralysis and speech impairment, so speech therapy and physiotherapy were initiated. The patient also received dexamethasone, mannitol, heparin, and remdesivir. She was discharged with enoxaparin and levetiracetam. Chemotherapy resumed 2 weeks following discharge. Her speech and walking improved after 10 months of follow-up, and bone marrow aspiration showed total remission.",

" 14 years male presented to ER of dadeldhura hospital with complain of fever since 3-4 days, upper epigastric pain, decreased appetite and vomiting 5-6 episodes since morning. Patient was ill looking. On clinical examinations yellowish discoloration of sclera, some dehydration. Pt was oriented to time and place. Chest was clear. CVS S1S2M0. CNS intact. SpO2-96%, PR-100 bpm,  temperature 98 F, BP-110/70 mm of Hg. CBC- TLC 13000, Lymphocytes-85%, Neutrophils-20%, CRP positive. Lab investigations for HAV IgM positive, HBsAg negative, HCV IgM negative, HEV IgM positive, PT/INR was normal. ALT-1600, AST-1300 ALP- 450 Patient was treated with IV fluids. Dehydration was corrected and started on IV antibiotics, IV ondansetron, syrup lactulose 15 ml HS, tab UDCA 300 mg twice a day and admitted to ward for 3 days. And discharged after 3 days with advice of increase in oral intake of fluid and tab UDCA 300 mg twice a day for 2 weeks. Patient came for follow up after 2 weeks. Lab tests were repeated. ALT-56 AST-40 ALP 179. Patient recovered well.",

"A 3 years old presented to ER of Dadeldhura Hospital with complains of fever, cough, nasal congestion since 3 days. On examination patient has tachypnea with respiratory rate of 43 breaths per minute. Temperature - 101 F, PR-110 bpm, SPO2 91%. On systemic examination on auscultation of chest bilaterally wheezing. Chest retractions. Fast breathing. On lab investigations, TLC 14000, CRP 35, chest x ray bilateral pneumonia. Patient is treated with IV antibiotics. nebulization with asthalin 2 hrsly and impravent 6 hrsly and IV fluids. Patient looks well after 4 days of IV antibiotics and discharged on oral medications. On follow up after 5 days. Patient was recovered well.",

"16 years female presented to ER of dadeldhura hospital with complaints of fever since 1 month, nasal bleeding since 2 days. She was treated with IV antibiotics in one of the PHC of Baitadi district. Lab investigations done at PHC TLC 21000 Neutrophils 64 % Lymphocytes 50% before 3 weeks. She did not feel well and came to our ER.
Lab investigations done at our centre.
TLC-28000
lymphocytes-94%
neutrophils-20%
Platelet- <10000
Hemoglobin 2.5
RBC - 2.3
HCT-15
peripheral blood smear done - acute leukemia.
Blood group- A+
2 pint whole Blood transfusion done and PRP 100 ml is transfused.
Patient is referred to cancer hospital for further evaluation and management. Patient died on the way to cancer hospital.",
"A 70-year-old man was referred to the internal medicine department with 3-month history of fatigue, anorexia, and sicca syndrome (xerostomia and xerophthalmia). The patient was diagnosed with relapsing left cervical melanoma T4aN1aM0. He was treated by surgery and received nivolumab as adjuvant therapy. He started presenting fatigue, anorexia, and sicca syndrome after the eighth administration of nivolumab. The physical examination was unremarkable: blood pressure 112/86 mmHg, pulse 83 bpm, temperature 36.8 °C, and normal neurological examination. The ocular examination did not find keratitis, and Schirmer’s test was normal (7 mm left eye and 5 mm right eye). Unstimulated salivary flow (whole sialometry) was pathologic. Search for antinuclear antibodies (ANA) by anti-Sjögren’s syndrome A (SSA) and anti-Sjögren’s syndrome B (SSB) was negative. Labial salivary gland (LSG) biopsy revealed focal lymphocytic infiltration with a Chisholm score of 3 (or focus score 1). The patient was treated with saliva substitutes and pilocarpine. Evolution was marked by a minor reduction of sicca syndrome, increased fatigue, anorexia, and weight loss.

Persistent fatigue after a few weeks led to the suspicion of hypocortisolism. The 24-hour diuresis was normal, and there was no polyuria nor polidipsia syndrome. On biological investigation, there was an isolated adrenocorticotrophic hormone deficiency (IAD). Fasting blood sugar was 66 mg/dL (normal range 70–100 mg/dL). Cortisol was 26 nmol/L in the morning (normal range 166–507 nmol/L), and adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) was 5.8 ng/L (normal range 7.2–63.3 ng/L). Normal gonadal and gonadotropic hormone levels were observed as follows: testosterone 17.8 ng/L (normal range 6.68–27.7 ng/L), luteinizing hormone (LH) 6.0 IU/L (normal range: 1.7–8.6 IU/L), and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) 8.4 IU/L (normal range 1.5–12.4 IU/L). Regarding the thyrotropic axis, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was 2.89 mU/L (normal range 0.3–4.2 mU/L); free tetraiodothyronine (T4), 18.8 pmol/L (normal range 12.0–22.0 pmol/L); and free triiodothyronine (T3), 3.8 pmol/L (normal range 3.1–6.8 pmol/L). Growth hormone (GH) was 16.7 mcg/L (normal range 12.0–22.0 mcg/L), and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) was 127 mcg/L (normal range: 26–245 mcg/L). The natremia and kaliema were within the normal range, 140 mmol/L (normal range 136–145 mmol/L) and 3.9 mmol/L (normal range 3.5–4.5 mmol/L), respectively. Full blood count, urinalysis, and liver and renal tests were normal. No serology nor bacteriology test were performed. Table 1 summarizes the biological presentation at patient admission. To explore the metabolism of the pituitary gland and rule out any pituitary gland metastasis, an 11C-methionine positron emission tomography/magnetic resonance (methionine PET/MR) was performed. It was done 3 months after the beginning of symptoms and did not show any enlargement nor heterogeneity nor hypermetabolism of the pituitary gland (Fig. 1).Given those results, a substitutive course of oral hydrocortisone (60 mg/day orally) was started. Evolution was therefore marked by a dramatic improvement of fatigue and anorexia, but only partial improvement of sicca syndrome. Hydrocortisone was tapered to 30 mg/day after 2 weeks. The patient presented a relapse in March 2020, 9 months after the diagnosis of hypophysitis. Given the adverse events with ICI, he was treated with radiotherapy. The last scan was performed in July 2021 without any sign of relapse.
",
"A 19-year-old known male presented to the emergency room with a 3-day history of back pain, slight headaches and decreased appetite. He is on no medicines, no diarrhea, no vomiting and denies any abdominal pain. The patient is not sure of his immunizations. Family history positive for diabetes, hypertension and cancer. The patient does have sickle cell and hemoglobin is followed in the Hematology Clinic. The patient is allergic to  Thylenol with codeine, but he states he can get morphine along with Benadryl. On examination, the patient has a tempreture of 37 degrees tympanic, pulse rate 66 bpm, respiratory rate is 24 per minute and blood pressure is 149/66, recheck blood pressure was 132/72.
The patient was ordered a liter of NS over an hour, and was then maintained on D5 half-normal saline at 125 an hour. CBC done showed white blood count 4300, hemoglobin 13.1 g/dL, hematocrit 39.9%, platelet count 162,000, segs 65.9, lymphs 27, monos 3.4. Chemistries done were essentially normal except for a total bilirubin of 1.6 mg/dL, all of which was indirect. The patient initially received morphine and diphenhydramine at 18:40 and this was repeated again at 8 p.m. He received morphine 5 mg and Benadryl 25 mg. He was diagnosed with sickle cell anemia with differential diagnosis of  Veno-occlusive crisis, and diskitis.",

"45 years female presented to ER of Dadeldhura hospital with right hypochondriac region pain since yesterday that increases on eating oily food, fever, vomiting 2-3 episodes since yesterday.
temperature- 101 F, BP-120/80, PR-86, SPO2-98%, Lab investigations: TLC 13000, Neutrophils - 78%, Lymphocytes - 23 %.
USG Abdomen and pelvis acute calculus cholecystitis.
Pain medications done and IV antibiotics, antipyretics, antiemetics and IV fluids given. Surgery consultation done. Patient is advised to come after 2 weeks for laparoscopic appendectomy. Patient was discharged on oral antibiotics, analgesics, antipyretics and pantoprazole. After 2 weeks laparoscopic cholecystectomy was done. ",
"A 35-year-old female with no significant past medical history presented to Dilchora Referral Hospital at gestational age of 36 weeks with a sudden onset right upper quadrant pain of 7 hours duration that radiated to her back with nausea and vomiting during the night prior. Her presentation at the hospital was driven by worsening of these symptoms. She had a history of intermittent burning type of epigastric pain prior to pregnancy. She also had contraction and leakage of liquor of 2 hours duration which started while on the way to our hospital. There was no history of vaginal bleeding.

Upon arrival, the patient was in acute distress, with the following vital signs: blood pressure, 95/60 mmHg; pulse rate 132 bpm; respiratory rate 32 breaths per minute; and body temperature 35.9 °C. Abdominal examination showed a grossly distended, rigid, and diffusely tender abdomen, which showed limited movement with respiration. Uterine fundal height was consistent with the gestational age. There were three uterine contractions in 10 minutes, each lasting for 35–40 seconds. The fetal heart beat (FHB) ranged from 120 to 158 bpm. Digital vaginal examination revealed a cervix of 3-cm dilation, a ruptured membrane, clear liquor, and high station. An upright abdominal X-ray demonstrated air under the diaphragm. A bedside ultrasound showed a single intrauterine pregnancy, positive FHB, fundal anterior placenta with a central thickness of 35 mm, gestational age of 36 weeks, an estimated fetal weight of 3000 g, no gross anomaly, and massive amount of intraperitoneal fluid.
",

"Female 65 years old female presented to ER of dadeldhura hospital with upper epigastric pain, nausea, altered taste sensation, reflux of acidic fluid occasionally after taking food. All vitals were normal.
SpO2 98%  PR 78 bpm, t - 97.8 F,
No significant past medical history. ECG - normal sinus rhythm. No features of Myocardial infarction. Patient was treated with IV pantoprazole, hyoscine butylbromide, orally syrup tricaine mps 30 ml. Patient felt relief after 15 min of IV medications and oral medications. Patient is diagnosed with APD, GERD and discharged on tab pantoprazole 40 mg per oral twice a day for 10 days, tab buscopan 20 mg per oral thrice a day for 5 days, syrup tricaine mps 10 ml per oral thrice a day for 7 days, and tab domperidone 10 mg per oral thrice a day for 6 days. Patient is advised  to avoid spicy foods and take small portion of food time to time. Patient came on follow up after 10 days. Symptoms significantly improved.",
"A 70-year-old male presented to the Emergency Department of Dhulikhel Hospital with a sudden painless complete loss of vision of the left eye (LE) and partial loss of vision of the right eye (RE). According to the patient, there was blurring of vision two days back which suddenly manifested as complete loss of vision in the LE. It was not associated with pain and weakness of limbs, fainting, headache, palpitation, slurred speech or vertigo. The patient was diagnosed with hypertension two years back and is under anti-hypertensive medications. However, there is a history of non-compliance to the medication since last month. On ophthalmological evaluation, the visual acuity(VA) of  RE was 3/60 with no improvement on pinhole while the LE had no perception of light. There were brisk pupillary reaction, immature senile cataract and normal retina on the RE. On LE examination, grade 1 Relative Afferent Pupillary Defect (RAPD) was present and a pale macular region with a cherry red spot was seen in the macula. However, the intraocular pressure in both the eyes was within normal limits. 
The patient was referred to the Vascular unit of the Department of Surgery in suspicion of vascular occlusion. Colour doppler ultrasonography of the carotid artery was done which showed a diffuse atherosclerotic changes in left common carotid artery, type II-III plaque in the base of right common carotid artery, type IV plaque in posterior wall of right carotid bulb,extending to external carotid artery and posterior wall of left internal carotid artery. Blood investigations revealed raised total cholesterol and Low-density Lipoprotein (LDL).
Intravenous Heparin was started and echocardiography (echo) was planned.The echo reported a diastolic dysfunction, dilated left atrium, thickened mitral and aortic valve with mitral,aortic and tricuspid regurgitation 
On the third day, heparin was stopped and ribaroxaban 15 mg was started. Vision on the right side improved gradually, and the VA was 6/24 with PH 6/18 on the fifth day. However, the vision on the left side did not improve. The patient was discharged on the sixth day with rivaroxaban 15 mg, aspirin (as dual pathway inhibition therapy), and atorvastatin.On a week follow up, BCVA RE 6/18 LE NPL. Fundoscopic examination showed a slight increase in perfusion around the macular region of the retina.
On repeating the carotid doppler, the findings revealed no hemodynamically significant stenosis/occlusion in the bilateral carotid and vertebral arteries. However, calcified plaque in the posterior wall of the proximal segment of the left internal carotid, calcified plaque in the posterior wall of the carotid bulb and type IV plaque in the posterior wall of the proximal segment of the right internal carotid artery was noted. 
Following this visit the patient hasn’t followed up since the last 8 months. 
",
"The first patient was a 69-year-old female, who visited the hospital because of painless jaundice and substantial weight loss during the past months. No other symptoms, such as epigastric pain, nausea, or vomiting, were reported. She had an old medical history of an ischemic stroke years ago and hypertension for which she received per os acetylsalicylic acid 100 mg, furosemide 40 mg, and amlodipine 5 mg at home. She did not consume alcohol or smoke. She had one daughter, and her profession was housekeeping. During neurological examination, the patient was alert, left hemiparesis was observed (obviously due to the old stroke), sensation and reflexes were normal, and muscle tone was reduced (3−4/5) on the left upper and lower limbs and normal on the right limbs. The rest of the clinical examination did not reveal any specific findings other than the jaundice that was observed on the skin and the conjunctiva. The abdominal examination revealed no masses or tenderness. No edema was observed. The auscultation of lung and heart was normal and so was the chest X-ray. Her vital signs were as follows: blood pressure: 137/82 mmHg, pulse: 89 bpm, SpO2-98%, and temperature 36.6 °C. She was then scheduled for a computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan for upper and lower abdomen. The scan revealed a mass lesion in the pancreas head, about 20 mm in diameter. The lesion was inflicting outward pressure to the bile duct, causing a subsequent dilatation before the narrowing point of the duct. No metastasis was observed on the scans.

After the necessary discontinuation of the acetylsalicylic acid, a pancreas-duodenumectomy was performed, maintaining the pylorus (Longmire–Traverso operation). After surgery, for the first 4 days, 3 L of Ringer’s lactate, cefoxitin 1 g (two doses), and metronidazole 500 mg (three doses) were administered intravenously daily, and she also received 1 g of intravenous paracetamol every 6 hours and two treatments of 100 mg tramadol for mild pain at the incision site, with no further symptoms. After 4 days, according to the principles of fast-track surgery, feeding, initially only with liquid meals, and mobilization of the patient cautiously begun, and the administration of fluids was gradually reduced. The patient was discharged after 16 days in good condition. Her stay was prolonged due to a post-operational hydronephrosis, which required the placement of a ureteral pigtail-type stent.

The patient’s treatment continued with chemotherapy (toxicity-stop) and actinotherapy. The plan for the adjuvant treatment was a scheme including irinotecan (180 mg/m2), oxaliplatin (85 mg/m2), leucovorin (400 mg/m2), and 5-fluorouracil (400 mg/m2 as a bolus over 2 hours on day 1, then 2400 mg/m2 over 46 hours). Unfortunately, chemotherapy treatment was abandoned during first administration, due to toxicity that led to a short admission and inpatient treatment. Actinotherapy was resumed with no further complications. 
",
"A 28-year-old Ethiopian female came to University of Gondar comprehensive specialized hospital, northwestern Ethiopia, with a complaint of left axillary swelling of 3 years duration. The swelling was small initially and progressively increased in size to attain the current size. She had visited a nearby health center on multiple occasions for this complaint and took unspecified antibiotics, but experienced no improvement. Apart from the local mild pain and discomfort, there was no history of cough, fever, weight loss, night sweating, or other constitutional symptoms. She has no family history (first-degree relatives) of diabetes, hypertension, or any other remarkable noncommunicable disease including cancer. Her past medical history is not significant, except for occasional mild dyspeptic symptoms; she took unspecified over-the-counter anti-acids a couple of times for her dyspepsia as the symptoms arose. She has a fiancé and uses a combination of natural calendar method and male condom for contraception. She has no history of oral contraceptive pill (OCP) or injectable or intrauterine contraceptive device (IUCD) use. She has no history of pregnancy. She reported that she has regular menstrual cycles and no significant past obstetric or gynecologic history.

On physical examination, her general appearance was stable, healthy looking, and ambulating. Vital signs were as follows: pulse rate, 82 bpm; blood pressure, 110/80 mmHg; respiratory rate, 18 breaths per minute; temperature, 36.2 °C. She has pink conjunctiva, non-icteric sclera, and no abnormal finding on head and neck examination. On lymphoglandular system (LGS) examination, there was an approximately 5 × 4 cm solitary mass in the left axilla. It was firm in consistency, nontender, well defined, mobile, and completely separated from the left breast. Skin over the mass was normal with no nipple, areola, or ulceration. There were no clinically significant findings detected on examination of breasts, right axilla, or the other externally accessible lymph node regions. On chest examination, it was symmetrical and moved with respirations, and clear breath sounds were heard on auscultation. On precordial and cardiovascular examinations, the normal S1 and S2 heart sounds were heard, there was no murmur or gallop, and all the peripheral arterial pulses were palpable with strong and regular pulse. Abdomen was soft to palpation. No hepatomegaly, splenomegaly, or mass was detected, and there were no signs of fluid collection. No costovertebral angle tenderness or abnormal finding was detected on genitourinary system (GUS) examination. No pedal or other subcutaneous edema was identified on musculoskeletal examination. No palmar pallor or skin lesions were seen on integumentary system examination. On neurologic examination, she was conscious, alert, and fully oriented to time, place, and person. Cranial nerve examination revealed normal findings. No motor or sensory deficit was detected, and deep tendon reflexes were normal. On the basis of the above findings, a provisional clinical impression of axillary lymphadenopathy due to either lymphoma or tuberculosis was considered.Laboratory investigations done on the same day of her presentation including complete blood count (CBC), erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), and chest X-ray were noncontributory. On CBC, white blood cell (WBC) count was 5900/mL with 53% granulocytes, 42% lymphocytes, 1% eosinophils, and 4% monocytes. Platelet count was 247,000/mL. Hemoglobin was 13.4 g/dL with mean corpuscular volume (MCV) of 89 fL. ESR was 13 mm/hour. Renal function test revealed blood urea nitrogen (BUN) of 13 mg/dL, and serum creatinine level was 0.78 mg/dL. On liver function test, total bilirubin was 0.7 mg/dL, serum albumin was 4.4 g/dL, and serum aspartate transaminase (AST/SGOT) and serum alanine transaminase (ALT/SGPT) were 29 and 33 IU/L respectively. All of these laboratory test results were within the normal reference range of our laboratory. Urinalysis was also done, and it was normal.

Owing to the limited number of pathologists and long waiting list of patients, she was scheduled for fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC). Two weeks after her initial presentation, FNAC from the mass was done and smears were stained with Wright’s stain following the standard procedures. Microscopic examination revealed cellular aspirates of tight cohesive clusters of bland ductal cells in branching stag-horn-like pattern along with numerous scattered bare nuclei on the background and fibromyxoid stromal fragments. Lymphoid cells were not seen. Fibroadenoma (in axillary accessory breast tissue) was suggested on the basis of these FNAC features. Abdominopelvic ultrasound and echocardiography were normal.After discussion with the patient, we agreed to undergo surgical intervention for multiple indications, including discomfort, difficulty reaching full range of shoulder movement, cosmetic and hygienic reasons, and patient request. We opted to perform lumpectomy of the left axillary mass under general anesthesia. After securing an intravenous line and putting her on maintenance fluid, ketamine 30 mg plus diazepam 10 mg was prepared and administered intravenously. After light sedation, we infiltrated the skin incision area with 4 mg/kg lidocaine, and then underwent the lumpectomy under all aseptic precautions. The intraoperative finding was a firm, mobile, well-capsulated solitary gray-whitish 5 × 4 × 4 cm mass in the left axillary fossa. The mass was located superficially in the subcutaneous tissue separated from the left breast parenchyma. Postoperatively, we put her on intravenous diclofenac 50 mg, which was later switched to 100 mg is taken orally when needed (PO PRN) discharge. As she had a smooth postoperative course, she was discharged on the same day with appointment scheduled for follow-up and wound care. The wound healing process was uneventful, and she only took the antipain medication for only a couple of days.

The excised mass was subjected to histopathologic evaluation following the standard tissue processing and staining procedure. Gross and microscopic histopathologic examination confirmed the diagnosis of fibroadenoma in axillary accessory breast. The histopathology report was issued 3 weeks after the day of her operation as there was a long biopsy waiting list and few pathologists were available in the hospital. She was informed about the pathology result, reassured, and discharged from care after 3 months of follow-up. 
",
"Female of 43 years old female presented to ER of dadeldhura hospital with upper epigastric pain, nausea, altered taste sensation, reflux of acidic fluid occasionally after taking food. All vitals were normal.
SpO2 98%  PR 78 bpm, t - 97.8 F,
No significant past medical history. ECG - normal sinus rhythm. Patient was treated with IV pantoprazole, hyoscine butylbromide, orally syrup tricaine mps 30 ml. Patient felt relief after 15 min of IV medications and oral medications. Patient is diagnosed with APD, GERD and discharged on tab pantoprazole 40 mg per oral twice a day for 10 days, tab buscopan 20 mg per oral thrice a day for 5 days, syrup tricaine mps 10 ml per oral thrice a day for 7 days, and tab domperidone 10 mg per oral thrice a day for 6 days. Patient is advised  to avoid spicy foods and take small portion of food time to time. Patient came on follow up after 10 days. Symptoms significantly improved.",

"A 73 years old female came to the ED with low back pain, lumbar degenerative disc disease, lumbar spondylosis, facet and sacroiliac joint syndrome, lumbar spinal stenosis primarily bilateral recess, intermittent lower extremity radiculopathy, DJD of both knees, bilateral pes anserinus bursitis, and chronic pain syndrome. She says that 20 years ago she had a cortisone shot in her knees, which helped her significantly. On physical examination, it shows degenerative joint disease of both knees, with medial and lateral joint line tenderness, with tenderness at both pes anserine bursa, decreased lumbar lordosis with tenderness that seems to be in her right sacroiliac joint. The patient was consult to inject her right sacroiliac joint under fluoroscopy after having x-rays of both knees.",

"This 68-year-old man presents to the emergency department for three days of cough, claims that he has brought up some green and grayish sputum. He says he does not feel short of breath. He denies any fever or chills. On physical examination, His temperature is 98, pulse 71, respiratory rate 18, blood pressure 122/57, and pulse ox is 95% on room air. On physical examinations, he had impression of viral syndrome. The patient asked me about antibiotics and I did not see a need to do this since he did not appear to have an infection other than viral given his normal temperature, normal pulse, normal respiratory rate, and near normal oxygen. On chemical examination, he was diagnosed with viral respiratory illness. He was discharged approx 30-45 minutes later.",

"17 year old male was presented to ED who complained of headache and unconsciousness as he was ejected from the vehicle. On physical examinations, Blood pressure 120/80, pulse 82, respirations 20, temperature 36.8° and Glasgow coma scale 15. On laboratory examination, Serial hematocrits 42.4, and 40.4. White blood count 6.3, Ethanol: None, Amylase 66, Urinalysis normal, PT 12.6, PTT 29, C chem-7 panel within normal limits. The patient was admitted to the trauma surgery service for continued evaluation and treatment for a closed head injury as well as possible intra-abdominal injury. The patient was discharged after surgery.",
"A previously healthy, 68-year-old, male presented with progressive fatigue, dyspnea, and appetite loss since 12 days. He was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus 5 days before presentation but had not started treatment. After echocardiography revealed pericardial effusion, pericardiocentesis was performed with immediate drainage of a large volume of purulent fluid suggestive of bacterial pericarditis. On the basis of cultures showing Streptococcus pneumoniae as the causative organism, a regimen of intravenous penicillin was initiated. Additionally, antidiabetic drugs were started as his diabetes also predisposed him to invasive infectious disease. No other primary source of the infection, such as pneumonia, was found. Though the patient was found to be severely ill on admission, his clinical condition improved. A total of 1235 mL of pericardial fluid was drained, and adequate drainage was confirmed by daily, bedside echocardiography. However, 6 days post-admission, the patient suddenly developed intrapericardial bleeding with blood clot formation on the right chamber with subsequent cardiac tamponade. With the blood clot precluding adequate drainage through the catheter, the patient suffered cardiac arrest and died before surgical intervention could be attempted.",
"She is a 28-year-old women at approximately 8 plus weeks presented after intractable nausea and vomiting with blood-tinged vomit starting approximately worse over the past couple of days. This is patient's fourth trip to the emergency room and second trip for admission. On physical examination, the patient was found to have slight low sodium, potassium slightly elevated and her ALT of 93, AST of 35, total bilirubin is 1.2. Her urine was 3+ ketones, 2+ protein, and 1+ esterase, and rbc too numerous to count with moderate amount of bacteria. H and H stable at 14.1 and 48.7.   She was then admitted after giving some Phenergan and Zofran IV. Followup chemistry was obtained for AST, ALT. The patient was discharged after in 3 hrs.",

"An 81-year-old male presented to the emergency room after having multiple black tarry stools,  very dark and smelly bowel movements and a weak spell. On physical examination, She is slightly tachycardic but otherwise normal, No clubbing, cyanosis, only trace edema. On chemical examination,  Her initial hematocrit was 31.2 subsequently dropped to 26.9 and 25.6, initial hemoglobin was 10.6 with hematocrit of 31.2 that subsequently fell to 25.6. The patient was supposed to have lower gastrointestinal bleeding.  The patient was planned to keep her NPO, put on IV PPIs. She was discharged with scheduled esophagogastroduodenoscopy and colonoscopy in the morning.",

"A 49-year old male was transported to the emergency room, complaining of shortness of breath. His wife states that since his recent admission of three weeks ago for treatment of pneumonia, he has not seemed to be able to recuperate, and has persistent complaints of shortness of breath. On physical examinations, it was observed Temperature 96 degrees,  Pulse 128. Respirations 48,. Blood pressure 156/100, Initial oxygen saturations on room air are 80. On chemical examination, White blood count 25.5, hemoglobin 14, hematocrit 42.4, 89 polys, 1 band, 4 lymphocytes, sodium of 124, chloride 81, CO2 44, BUN 6, creatinine 0.7, glucose 182, albumin 3.3 and globulin 4.1. Troponin is 0.11. Shortly after the patients inital assessment, the patient apprently began to complain of chest pain. The patient was diagnosed with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, after recent history of pneumonia. The patient was transferred to ICU for further management, and later discharged after 2 weeks.",

"This 16-year-old female presented to the emergency room with a complaint of head injury at approximately 6 p.m. She struck herself in the head with a flag. She complained of headache and dizziness though there was no loss of consciousness. She was able to walk but gradually got dizzier and had some episodes of diplopia. She had previously been diagnosed with hypertension.  On physical examination, her temperature was 100 degrees, pulse 86, respirations 20, and her initial blood pressure 166/116, and a weight of 55.8 kg. Her laboratory examination shows a mildly elevated creatinine of 1.3, urinalysis showing no signs of infection, Head CT read by staff has no significant intracranial pathology. She was medicated on Enalapril and discharged from the emergency room.",

"The patient is a 40-year-old white male who presents with a chief complaint of "chest pain" from yesterday. The patient has a family history of diabetes. On physical examination, there is no evidence of respiratory distress, Extra-ocular muscles are intact bilaterally, supple neck, no erythema on pharynx, exudates on chest. On ED, the patient was given Nitroglycerin Drip at 30 ug/Minute, and transferred to CCU in stable condition. The patient was diagnoest acute inferior myocardial infarction, so he was prescribed Heparin lock X. 2, Nasal cannula oxygen 3 liters/minute, Aspirin 5 grains chew & swallow, Nitroglycerin drip at 30 micrograms/minute, Cardiac monitor, TPA 90 minute protocol, and Heparin IV 5000 unit bolus followed by 1000 units/hour.",
"A 15-year-old male presented to our hospital emergency department with a 3-day history of epigastric pain radiating to the left hypochondrium that began one day after eating a chicken bone. The patient can swallow food and has no history of throat pain, hemoptysis, hematemesis, chest pain, vomiting, or shortness of breath. 
On examination, his temperature was ill-looking with a temperature of 100.8 F, a blood pressure of 100/60 mm of Hg and there was no pallor, icterus, lymphadenopathy, cyanosis, clubbing, edema, or dehydration. Epigastric tenderness on palpation.
Following examination, pre-operative investigations were done, and under general anesthesia upper gastrointestinal endoscopy was done which revealed an impacted chicken bone in the mid-esophagus lying transversely and was removed successfully.
Postoperatively on the first day, the patient was still feverish and complained of epigastric pain which did not improve even with medications. On the second postoperative day, the patient complained of severe epigastric pain not resolving with any medications. It was followed by an episode of hematemesis of about 400 ml of fresh blood which warranted an immediate evaluation by chest contrast-enhanced computed tomography(CECT) which revealed contrast-filled outpouching arising from the medial aspect of the arch of the aorta and directed superomedially suggestive of a Pseudoaneurysm.
The patient was immediately referred to another institution for intervention. An upper gastrointestinal endoscopy was done and mucosal ulceration was noted at 21 cm from the incisors. The cervical esophagus was mobilized and blunt dissection was carried up to the mediastinum during which an arterial bleed occurred. Gauze packing and median sternotomy were done during which about 500 ml of blood was lost. Median sternotomy revealed a bovine arch, a ruptured pseudoaneurysm of 1.5cm in the medial aspect of the arch of the aorta noted, and the aorta was repaired under cardiac bypass, following which a cervical esophagostomy was done to mobilize the esophagus and an esophago-cutaneous fistula was made and a separate drain was placed. Finally, a midline laparotomy was done to create a feeding jejunostomy using a 12 Fr feeding tube. Patient recovered well after treatment and was discharged soon after.
",
"An 88-year-old Japanese female with back pain and headache was admitted to our hospital, but the cause of injury was unclear. Her vital signs were stable (body temperature, 35.8°C; heart rate, 87 bpm; blood pressure, 180/90 mmHg; respiratory rate, 20 breaths per minute; percutaneous oxygen saturation,SpO2-100% on oxygen 2 L per minute via nasal cannula). She was oriented (Glasgow Coma Scale score, 15) but slightly agitated. CECT showed a massive right hemothorax, reverse Chance-type fracture of the tenth thoracic (T10) vertebra with wide separation of the anterior elements (Fig. 1), and mild traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage. No obvious arterial injury or extravasation was observed. Computed tomography (CT) also revealed anterior-flowing osteophytes from the eighth thoracic (T8) to second lumbar (L2) vertebra causing diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH). The hemothorax was caused by bleeding from the fractured vertebra. We decided to perform angiography and TAE to prevent rebleeding owing to her inability to rest and thoracostomy to rule out arterial injury. A 5-French sheath was inserted into the right femoral artery, and aortography was performed using a 4-French pigtail catheter. The bilateral tenth intercostal arteries were selected with a 4-French shepherd hook catheter, and a 1.9-French microcatheter (Carnelian Si, Tokai Medical Products, Aichi, Japan) was introduced. Selective angiography revealed small pools of contrast medium in the T10 vertebra, but no arterial injury was observed. The radiculomedullary and anterior spinal arteries were not observed. After coil embolization of the tenth segmental arteries distal to the spinal branch with 0.014-inch pushable coils (C-Stopper, Piolax, Kanagawa, Japan), gelatin sponge particles (Serescue, Nippon Kayaku, Tokyo, Japan) were injected. The segmental arteries were then coil embolized as proximally as possible. No complications occurred with these procedures. A chest tube was inserted on the same day as the embolization, and posterior fixation was performed 9 days later. During this time, the hemothorax did not rebleed. The patient was discharged 30 days after admission.
",
"11-year-old male who was admitted from the ER after complaining of a had very severe ear pain and blood draining from the right ear. On physical examination the child had a temperature maximum of 101.4 F in the ER, pulse rate 83 bpm, blood pressure 105/57, respiratory rate 16 on room air and the CT scan suggested that the patient had mastoiditis. The patient was admitted and started on IV Unasyn, which he tolerated well and required Morphine and Vicodin for pain control. In the first 12 hours after admission, the patient's pain decreased and also swelling of his cervical area decreased. After reviewing the CT scan, it was felt that the CT scan was not consistent with mastoiditis. The patient was continued on IV fluid and narcotics for pain as well as Unasyn until the time of discharge. At the time of discharge his pain is markedly decreased about 2/10 and swelling in the area has improved. He was discharged with prescribed medications Ciprodex Otic Solution in the right ear twice daily and Augmentin 500 mg three times daily x10 days.",

"A 15-year-old male presented to our hospital emergency department with a 3-day history of epigastric pain radiating to the left hypochondrium that began one day after eating a chicken bone. The patient can swallow food and has no history of throat pain, hemoptysis, hematemesis, chest pain, vomiting, or shortness of breath. 
On physical examination, his temperature was ill-looking with a temperature of 100.8 F, a blood pressure of 100/60 mm of Hg and there was no pallor, icterus, lymphadenopathy, cyanosis, clubbing, edema, or dehydration. Epigastric tenderness on palpation?
Pre-operative investigations were done, and under general anesthesia upper gastrointestinal endoscopy was done which revealed an impacted chicken bone in the mid-esophagus lying transversely and was removed successfully.
Postoperatively on the first day, the patient was still feverish and complained of epigastric pain which did not improve even with medications. On the second postoperative day, the patient complained of severe epigastric pain not resolving with any medications. It was followed by an episode of hematemesis of about 400 ml of fresh blood which warranted an immediate evaluation by chest contrast-enhanced computed tomography(CECT) which revealed contrast-filled outpouching arising from the medial aspect of the arch of the aorta and directed superomedially suggestive of a Pseudoaneurysm.
The patient was immediately referred to another institution for intervention. An upper gastrointestinal endoscopy was done and mucosal ulceration was noted at 21 cm from the incisors. The cervical esophagus was mobilized and blunt dissection was carried up to the mediastinum during which an arterial bleed occurred. Gauze packing and median sternotomy were done during which about 500 ml of blood was lost. Median sternotomy revealed a bovine arch, a ruptured pseudoaneurysm of 1.5cm in the medial aspect of the arch of the aorta noted, and the aorta was repaired under cardiac bypass, following which a cervical esophagostomy was done to mobilize the esophagus and an esophago-cutaneous fistula was made and a separate drain was placed. Finally, a midline laparotomy was done to create a feeding jejunostomy using a 12 Fr feeding tube.",
"48-year-old white female presents in the emergency room after two days of increasing fever with recent diagnosis of urinary tract infection on outpatient treatment with nitrofurantoin. The patient noted since she began to feel poorly earlier on the day of admission, had an episode of substernal chest discomfort that was associated with nausea, dizziness, and sweating. The patient does have a past medical history of diabetes and hypertension. In addition, the patient complained of some neck and head discomfort for which she underwent a lumbar puncture in the emergency room; this was normal, causes turned out to be normal as well. The patient denies nosebleed, visual changes, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea or changes in bowel habits. She has not had any musculoskeletal or neurological deficits. She denies any rashes or skin lesions. Her father and brother suffered from coronary artery disease in their 40s. On admission, temperature 99.4 degrees F., blood pressure 137/60, pulse 90 and regular without ectopy, respiratory rate 20 without unusual respiratory effort. In general, she is well developed, well nourished, oriented, and alert and in no apparent distress. Head, ears, eyes, nose, and throat are unremarkable. Neck is supple. No neck vein distention is noted. No bruits are heard. Chest is clear to percussion and auscultation. Heart has a regular rhythm and rate without murmurs or rubs or gallops. Abdomen is soft, obese, and nontender. Musculoskeletal is intact without deformity. However, the patient did develop severe cramp behind her left knee during her treadmill testing. Neurologic: Cranial nerves are intact and she is nonfocal. Skin is warm and dry without rash or lesions noted.
On admission she was diagnosed with Urinary tract infection. Chest pain of unclear etiology, so not suffering from myocardial infarction. Neck and back pain of unclear etiology with a negative spinal tap. Hypertension. Diabetes type II, not treated with insulin. Hyperlipidemia treated with TriCor but not statins. Arthritis. She was discharged on medications Enteric-coated aspirin 81 mg one daily. This is new, as the patient was not taking aspirin at home, TriCor 48 mg one daily, Zantac 40 mg one daily, Lisinopril 20 mg one daily, Mobic 75 mg one daily for arthritis, Metformin 500 mg one daily, Macrodantin one two times a day for several more days, Zocor 20 mg one daily, which is a new addition, Effexor XR 37.5 mg one daily.",

"A 26-year-old male with precursor B-cell leukemia receiving vincristine therapy presented with fever and absolute neutrophil count < 600 since 2 days. His severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 polymerase chain reaction test was positive. During hospitalization, he had reduced O2 saturation, and generalized tonic–clonic seizures treated with phenytoin and levetiracetam. Right parietal lobe ischemia was found on a brain computed tomography scan, and the cerebrospinal fluid polymerase chain reaction test was positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. Several days later, he developed lower extremity paralysis and speech impairment, so speech therapy and physiotherapy were initiated. The patient also received dexamethasone, mannitol, heparin, and remdesivir. He was discharged with enoxaparin and levetiracetam. Chemotherapy resumed 2 weeks following discharge. His speech and walking improved after 10 months of follow-up, and bone marrow aspiration showed total remission.",

"A 56 years old man presented to the emergency department with a 4-day history of fever (tempretur 38°C) of unknown origin, headache and loss of appetite. He denied respiratory distress and other symptoms; his SpO2 was 92% on room air; blood pressure of 121/72. Two weeks before presentation, he travelled to a hills of to collect edible plants. On physical examination, purple-coloured, non-pruritic eruptions were observed on her face, extremities and trunk. An eschar was observed in the left lower extremity. Laboratory tests revealed the following: WBC count 3.2 x 109/L, platelet count 70000/μL; aspartate aminotransferase level 144 U/L and alanine aminotransferase level 444 U/L. Serological tests revealed high Orientia tsutsugamushi IgG and IgM antibody titres. She was diagnosed with scrub typhus (tsutsugamushi disease) and was started on 200 mg of minocycline. After 2 weeks of the treatment, her symptoms resolved and the eruptions disappeared. She was discharged without complication.",

"31 years male complained of fever for 14 days, headache, abdominal pain, vomiting, myalgia, irritability, irrelevant talk. No comorbodities. SpO2-94%
BP-110/74mm of Hg
Pulse-110 bpm
Respiratory rate-20 per min 
Temperature 103 F
His father suffered from Sickle cell disease. Disoriented to time and place, healed eschar over hand, systemic examination normal. Laboratory tests were normal. On ELISA for scrub typhus positive. Treated with first dose of oral doxycycline and referred to tertiary centre after primary management. Expired due to scrub typhus associated with sepsis and suspected meningoencephalitis. ",
" A 18 years male presented to ER of Dhulikhel Hospital with complain of fever since 5-6 days, upper epigastric pain, decreased appetite and vomiting 3-4 episodes since morning. Patient was ill looking. On clinical examinations yellowish discoloration of sclera, some dehydration. Pt was oriented to time and place. Chest was clear. CVS S1S2M0. CNS intact. SpO2-95%, PR-100 bpm,  temperature 99 F, BP-120/85 mm of Hg. CBC- TLC 13100, Lymphocytes-85%, Neutrophils-20%, CRP positive. Lab investigations for HAV IgM positive, HBsAg negative, HCV IgM negative, HEV IgM positive, PT/INR was normal. ALT-1600, AST-1300 ALP- 450 Patient was treated with IV fluids. Dehydration was corrected and started on IV antibiotics, IV ondansetron, syrup lactulose 15 ml HS, tab UDCA 300 mg twice a day and admitted to ward for 3 days. And discharged after 3 days with advice of increase in oral intake of fluid and tab UDCA 300 mg twice a day for 2 weeks.",

"17 year old female was presented to ED who complained of headache and unconsciousness as he was ejected from the vehicle. On physical examinations, Blood pressure 118/85, pulse 89 bpm, respirations 20, temperature 37.5° and Glasgow coma scale 13. On laboratory examination, Serial hematocrits 42.4, and 40.4. White blood count 6.1 x 109/L, Ethanol: None, Amylase 66, Urinalysis normal, PT 12.6, PTT 29, C chem-7 panel within normal limits. The patient was admitted to the trauma surgery service for continued evaluation and treatment for a closed head injury as well as possible intra-abdominal injury. The patient was discharged after surgery.",

"A previously healthy, 62-year-old, male presented with progressive fatigue, dyspnea and headache for 12 days. He was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus 5 days before the presentation but had not started treatment. After echocardiography revealed pericardial effusion, pericardiocentesis was performed with immediate drainage of a large volume of purulent fluid suggestive of bacterial pericarditis. On the basis of cultures showing Streptococcus pneumoniae as the causative organism, a regimen of intravenous penicillin was initiated. Additionally, antidiabetic drugs were started as his diabetes also predisposed him to invasive infectious disease. No other primary source of the infection, such as pneumonia, was found. Though the patient was found to be severely ill on admission, his clinical condition improved. A total of 1235 mL of pericardial fluid was drained, and adequate drainage was confirmed by daily, bedside echocardiography. However, 7 days post-admission, the patient suddenly developed intrapericardial bleeding with blood clot formation on the right chamber with subsequent cardiac tamponade. With the blood clot precluding adequate drainage through the catheter, the patient suffered cardiac arrest and died before surgical intervention could be attempted.",

"She is a 28-year-old male at approximately 8 plus weeks presented after intractable nausea and vomiting with blood-tinged vomit starting approximately worse over the past couple of days. Family history of hypercholesterolemia. This is the patient's fourth trip to the emergency room and second trip for admission. On physical examination, blood pressure 120/85, pulse 80 bpm, respirations 20, temperature 36.9°, the patient was found to have slightly low sodium, potassium slightly elevated and her ALT of 93, AST of 35, total bilirubin is 1.2. He urine was 3+ ketones, 2+ protein, and 1+ esterase, and rbc too numerous to count with a moderate amount of bacteria. H and H stable at 14.1 and 48.7.   He was then admitted after giving some Phenergan and Zofran IV. Followup chemistry was obtained for AST, ALT. The patient was discharged after in 3 hrs.",

"A 24-year old male was transported to the emergency room, complaining of shortness of breath. His wife states that since his recent admission three weeks ago for treatment of pneumonia, he has not seemed to be able to recuperate, and has persistent complaints of shortness of breath. On physical examinations, it was observed Temperature 98 F,  Pulse 128. Respirations 48, Blood pressure 160/100, Initial oxygen saturations on room air are 80. On chemical examination, White blood count 28.5, hemoglobin 18, hematocrit 48.7, 95 polys, 1 band, 4 lymphocytes, sodium of 127, chloride 89, CO2 44, BUN 6, creatinine 0.7, glucose 182, albumin 3.3 and globulin 4.1. Troponin is 0.11. Shortly after the patient's initial assessment, the patient apprently began to complain of chest pain. The patient was diagnosed with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, after a recent history of pneumonia. The patient was transferred to ICU for further management, and later discharged after 10 days.",



"A 16-year-old female with precursor B-cell leukemia receiving vincristine therapy presented with fever and absolute neutrophil count < 400. Her severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 polymerase chain reaction test was negative. During hospitalization, she had abrupt onset tachypnea, reduced O2 saturation, and generalized tonic–clonic seizures treated with phenytoin and levetiracetam. Left parietal lobe ischemia was found on a brain computed tomography scan, and the cerebrospinal fluid polymerase chain reaction test was positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. Several days later, she developed lower extremity paralysis and speech impairment, so speech therapy and physiotherapy were initiated. The patient also received dexamethasone, mannitol, heparin, and remdesivir. She was discharged with enoxaparin and levetiracetam. Chemotherapy resumed 4 weeks following discharge. Her speech and walking improved after 8 months of follow-up, and bone marrow aspiration showed total remission.",

"57 years old male presented to ER with upper epigastric pain, nausea, altered taste sensation, reflux of acidic fluid occasionally after taking food. All vitals were normal.
SpO2 95%  PR 82 bpm, t - 96.6 F,
Family history of Alzheimer's disease. ECG - normal sinus rhythm. Patient was treated with IV pantoprazole, hyoscine butylbromide, orally syrup tricaine mps 30 ml. Patient felt relief after 15 min of IV medications and oral medications. Patient is diagnosed with APD, GERD and discharged on tab pantoprazole 40 mg per oral twice a day for 10 days, tab buscopan 20 mg per oral thrice a day for 5 days, syrup tricaine mps 10 ml per oral thrice a day for 7 days, and tab domperidone 10 mg per oral thrice a day for 6 days. Patient is advised  to avoid spicy foods and take small portion of food time to time. Patient came on follow up after 10 days. Symptoms significantly improved.",


"This 78-year-old man presents to the emergency department for six days of cough, claims that he has brought up some green and grayish sputum. He says he does not feel short of breath. He denies any fever or chills. His father suffered from diabetes and asthama. On physical examination, His temperature is 101, pulse 79, respiratory rate 24, blood pressure 134/67, and pulse ox is 92% on room air. On physical examinations, he had an impression of viral syndrome. The patient asked me about antibiotics and I did not see a need to do this since he did not appear to have an infection other than viral given his normal temperature, normal pulse, normal respiratory rate, and near normal oxygen. On chemical examination, he was diagnosed with viral respiratory illness. He was discharged approx 2 hours later.",

"A 21-year-old male presented to the emergency room with a 9-day history of back pain, slight headaches, leg swelling, fever and decreased appetite. He is on no medicines, no diarrhea, no vomiting and denies any abdominal pain. The patient is not sure of his immunizations. Family history positive for diabetes, hypertension and cancer. The patient does have sickle cell and hemoglobin is followed in the Hematology Clinic. The patient is allergic to Thylenol with codeine, but he states he can get morphine along with Benadryl. On examination, the patient has a tempreture of 37 degrees tympanic, pulse rate 66 bpm, respiratory rate is 20 per minute and blood pressure is 126/68, recheck blood pressure was 129/66.
The patient was ordered a liter of NS over an hour, and was then maintained on D5 half-normal saline at 125 an hour. CBC done showed white blood count 4300, hemoglobin 13.1 g/dL, hematocrit 39.9%, platelet count 162,000, segs 65.9, lymphs 27, monos 3.4. Chemistries done were essentially normal except for a total bilirubin of 2.2 mg/dL, all of which was indirect. The patient initially received morphine and diphenhydramine at 18:40 and this was repeated again at 8 p.m. He received morphine 5 mg and Benadryl 25 mg. He was diagnosed with sickle cell anemia with differential diagnosis of  Veno-occlusive crisis, and diskitis.",
]
